README.md, before:

# Othral Ancestral Tomb

Come across Aryasi a little ways out of eastern Andothren who needs help clearing her family's tomb so that it's
safe enough for her to enter.

## Requirements

Official expansions:

* Tribunal
* Bloodmoon

Mods:

* [Tamriel_Data (v11)](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/44537)
* [Tamriel Rebuilt (v24.12)](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/42145)

## Licensing

Othral Ancestral Tomb is under the [MIT license](./LICENSE).

Broadly speaking this means you can do whatever you want to this mod, but please credit me as the original
author.

If you're looking to redistribute or share modifications to this, please include the license found on here
on GitHub.

## Credits

Thanks to...
* Bethesda Softworks for creating Morrowind and the wonderful Construction Set.
* Nexus Mods for the one-stop-shop resource for authors and players.
* LHammonds for the Readme Generator this file was based on.
* All of the fine folk who made the CSSE, which makes modding so much easier.
* Everyone behind Tamriel Rebuilt and Tamriel_Data past and present.

Commit message:

Update: several more Greetings and topic lines to cover various scenarios and quest endings
* Update: reducing number of sound emitters
* Update: additional door to entrance to avoid combat starting immediately upon entering
* Fix: Skeleton Archer sounds
* Fix: Aryasi "killed by guardians" update triggering during transfer
* Fix: Aryasi not rewarding PC after clearing tomb

README.md, after:

# Othral Ancestral Tomb (Estranged Spirits)

Help Aryasi Othral speak to the spirit's of her family. Or not!

A mod for Tamriel Rebuilt, *Othral Ancestral Tomb* adds a short dungeon and associated quest a little ways
out of eastern Andothren. The quest focuses on player choice.

## Requirements

Official expansions:

* Tribunal
* Bloodmoon

Mods:

* [Tamriel_Data (v11)](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/44537)
* [Tamriel Rebuilt (v24.12)](https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/42145)

## Licensing

Othral Ancestral Tomb is under the [MIT license](./LICENSE).

Broadly speaking this means you can do whatever you want to this mod, but please credit me as the original
author.

If you're looking to redistribute or share modifications to this, please include the license found on here
on GitHub.

## Credits

Thanks to...
* Bethesda Softworks for creating Morrowind and the wonderful Construction Set.
* Nexus Mods for the one-stop-shop resource for authors and players.
* LHammonds for the Readme Generator this file was based on.
* All of the fine folk who made the CSSE, which makes modding so much easier.
* Everyone behind Tamriel Rebuilt and Tamriel_Data past and present.
